Since 2016 and as I result of working at a fin-tech company, I developed a strong interest in finance and investment. As that interest grew, I decided to dedicate increasingly more time and attention to it, then eventually in 2020 I decided to focus on it full-time.
Between 2021 to 2023 I spent most of time in market research, financial market and instrument education. In addition to financial education, I mastered spreadsheets and Notion.
Mid-2024, with the rise in AI coding assistants and no-code tools, I sought to integrate these new technologies and augment my workflow. Over that time, I've used various models for coding, and learning how to best utilize them while integrating new practices and frameworks resulting from the technology's rapid advancement. Since August 2024 I've been diligently built-out financial analysis software for personal use, as illustrated by my active GitHub history over the last 12 months.
I have two primary software projects. The first is a CLI-driven quantitative trading solution and algorithmic strategy workspace. The second is for financial analysis and AI-powered content creation.
I launched my personal website: https://www.colemorton.com/ a few months ago to be the home for my analysis and content.
I'm originally from New Zealand and was living in Germany for the last 12 years.
Earlier this year, my wife and I relocated to Brisbane, Australia to start a new life and put down roots. She has close family here and is currently working as an architect.
As my projects and website are live and require very little overhead, I wish to embark on a new software development role within a great team. I want to establish myself in the thriving Australian IT industry and build a reputation for delivering high quality software solutions.